Note regarding references to aws-observability dir (#2228)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/observability/aws/deploy-use-aws-observability/deploy-with-terraform.md

    $ terraform init
    ```
    This will install the required Terraform providers, including [Null](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/null/index.html), [Sumo Logic Terraform Provider](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/sumologic/index.html), [AWS Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs), [Time Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/time/latest/docs), [Random Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs).
    :::note

>     Please note that templates from [sumologic-solution-templates/aws-observability-terraform](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-solution-templates/tree/master/aws-observability-terraform) directory have references to files from [sumologic-solution-templates/aws-observability](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-solution-templates/tree/master/aws-observability) directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that templates located at [sumologic-solution-templates/aws-observability-terraform](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-solution-templates/tree/master/aws-observability-terraform) directory contain references to files from the [sumologic-solution-templates/aws-observability] (https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-solution-templates/tree/master/aws-observability) directory.
```

    :::
1. Configure the following mandatory parameters in the **main.auto.tfvars** file.

>    * `sumologic_environment`: [Sumo Logic Deployment](/docs/api/getting-started#Sumo-Logic-Endpoints-by-Deployment-and-Firewall-Security) Enter au, ca, de, eu, jp, us2, in, fed or us1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `sumologic_environment`: [Sumo Logic Deployment](/docs/api/getting-started#Sumo-Logic-Endpoints-by-Deployment-and-Firewall-Security). Enter au, ca, de, eu, jp, us2, in, fed or us1.
```

>    * `sumologic_access_id`: [Sumo Logic Access ID](/docs/manage/security/access-keys.md) Sumo Logic Access ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `sumologic_access_id`: [Sumo Logic Access ID](/docs/manage/security/access-keys.md)
```

    Note that templates located at [sumologic-solution-templates/aws-observability-terraform](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-solution-templates/tree/master/aws-observability-terraform) directory contain references to files from the [sumologic-solution-templates/aws-observability] (https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-solution-templates/tree/master/aws-observability) directory.
    :::
1. Configure the following mandatory parameters in the **main.auto.tfvars** file.
   * `sumologic_environment`: This input specifies the Sumo Logic deployment that you want to use. Refer to the [Sumo Logic Deployment](/docs/api/getting-started#Sumo-Logic-Endpoints-by-Deployment-and-Firewall-Security) guide for a list of available deployments. Possible values include `au`, `ca`, `de`, `eu`, `jp`, `us2`, `in`, `fed`, or `us1`.
   * `sumologic_access_id`: This input specifies the Sumo Logic access ID that you want to use. For more information on how to obtain an access ID, refer to the [Access Keys](https://chat.openai.com/docs/manage/security/access-keys.md) documentation.

>    * `sumologic_access_key`: [Sumo Logic Access Key](/docs/manage/security/access-keys.md) Sumo Logic Access Key used for Sumo Logic API calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `sumologic_access_key`: [Sumo Logic Access Key](/docs/manage/security/access-keys.md) is used for Sumo Logic API calls.
```
